OCP 4.16 Installation doc updates for IBM Power (#74756)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rhcos-enabling-multipath-day-2.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Enabling multipathing during installation is supported and recommended for nodes provisioned in {product-title} 4.8 or higher. In setups where any I/O to non-optimized paths results in I/O system errors, you must enable multipathing at installation time. For more information about enabling multipathing during installation time, see "Enabling multipathing post installation" in the _Installing on bare metal_ documentation.

Reviewer: 4.8 may want to move to 4.12

> Enabling multipathing during installation is supported and recommended for nodes provisioned in {product-title} 4.8 or higher. In setups where any I/O to non-optimized paths results in I/O system errors, you must enable multipathing at installation time. For more information about enabling multipathing during installation time, see "Enabling multipathing post installation" in the _Installing on bare metal_ documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enabling multipathing during installation is supported and recommended for nodes provisioned in {product-title} 4.8 or later versions. In setups where any I/O to non-optimized paths results in I/O system errors, you must enable multipathing at installation time. For more information about enabling multipathing during installation time, see "Enabling multipathing post installation" in the _Installing on bare metal_ documentation.
```

> Enabling multipathing during installation is supported and recommended for nodes provisioned in {product-title} 4.8 or higher. In setups where any I/O to non-optimized paths results in I/O system errors, you must enable multipathing at installation time. For more information about enabling multipathing during installation time, see "Enabling multipathing post installation" in the _Installing on bare metal_ documentation.

Reviewer 2: Refer to https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions.
As per the SSG, suggest to keep admonitions to a minimum, and avoid placing multiple admonitions close to one another. If multiple admonitions are necessary, restructure the information by moving the less-important statements into the flow of the main content.

> Enabling multipathing during installation is supported and recommended for nodes provisioned in {product-title} 4.8 or higher. In setups where any I/O to non-optimized paths results in I/O system errors, you must enable multipathing at installation time. For more information about enabling multipathing during installation time, see "Enabling multipathing post installation" in the _Installing on bare metal_ documentation.

Reviewer 2: Suggest moving this to L9 after the H1 heading.

Author: Thanks @Srivaralakshmi for the comments/suggestions. I have moved above note to line 9.
